our final conclusion
nikon has one with the d5000 300
revised version of d5000 200
brought the market in comparison to
predecessor model made
improvements are not all too good
strong weight on this
special features has been waiting
but still happy about it
this applies, for example, to the video mode with bis
to 60 full frames per second in
full hd resolution includes in the
the 5300 too many camera models of
Panasonic and Sony on the update of the
Video mode can therefore be on this point
be described as successful as well
we like the very good picture quality
the video footage and that I both
connect a microphone as well as level
leaves incomprehensible remains
the fact that the blind during the
Video recording does not change
can
This is a real disadvantage for everyone
report manually in video mode
want
could also better the autofocus
work in the live for or in the
Video mode often goes by too much time
focus much faster
Focused live autofocus with only 0
27 seconds
serial images stores the
SLR camera with 45 images per
second in every picture format
the buffer is with a maximum of six
pictures in sequence but too small
The picture quality of the d5000 300 falls
by the dx image sensor very good with
she can also fine her 24 megapixels
resolve details
the image noise is only at sensor
sensitivities of iso 12.800 and
about a bigger problem
an advantage by omitting the
However, we see low-pass filters
can this be increased to 32 inches
display is its dimensions very much
good for image control also suitable
with 10 4 million to the pixel high
resolution provides for joy
because you turn the lcd free and pan
can it be, for example, for
shooting with outstretched arm or
to use for self portraits
the camera body of the d5000 300 tegut in
the hand the operation should also
beginners not difficult successful
supplements in comparison to
predecessor the 5200 are the
added has come wireless module and gps
receiver
the latter needed or with 50 or 60
full frames per second would like to film
gets a solid with the d5000 300
update from the 5200
the d camera the test judgments to the camera